hello youtube friends today I bring you my
seventh pancake and pasta before starting
on Saturday I'll upload a notice because I've
I raised many crepe and pasta but good
let's start this is from minecraft x of the
mod
it was a quiet day in my house I live
in brazil but I know spanish was of
vacation and I decided to play a little bit in the
game minecraft had installed about
mods a couple of days ago but I did not
they worked the screen went black and
the mini craft disappeared one day
I discovered that minecraft mods only
they worked when you had the version
correct I had installed in eternal
craft they take intense and rain and I the
piqueria more one day discover a mod that
it was called mod secret I saw it in a forum
that I never got to find what I was going
to report I downloaded it and installed it
I needed mutuals I put it in the
mini craft file a touch and between the
mini craft first mini craft did what
that always happened but after
try it four more times I got
enter I entered my world called
infinity and I searched for the much secret but
I did not find anything wait and so
I started going into some caves that
they were watching everything was normal until
listen
what looked like a ghost laughing I
I scared but I thought it was my imagination
continue beeping until I found another
cave that looked like a very long hall
the hallway was so long that I did not get
see the end of it I went into the
hallway and I put some torches but what
that I saw in the end scared me a lot in the
part that had not yet put torches
there was a twisted and tall silhouette with
eyes that shone I stopped myself from
fear and the eyes were approaching from
my character then I heard the laughter
maleficent and she said my name then
I did something that I regretted I put a
torch where a bug was immobile
twisted with dark colors and with the
mouth bleeding the scream you do not have
enough guts to kill me you're a
cowardly I will kill you the bug raised its
arm that he was not square and pierced
my character I put f5 to see my
character and I saw how his guts were
falling behind his back then
feel a very big belly pain and
that 's the only thing I remember I woke up in
the hospital and my parents told me that
I had a big wound in my belly but
they fixed it after I went home
on my computer and I saw that there was a notepad
of notes on the main screen press
in him and I read this thank you for suffering the
association death is grateful because
you have given us your guts and you
we returned but we will feed the
next time you enter in minecraft not
you can do update signed to death
good friends, I hope you liked it
Do not forget that if you liked it, like it and
subscribe, goodbye until next time
everyone
no no
i